DOCS-2190 (#11046)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/browser_test.md

    - link: '/getting_started/synthetics/private_location'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Learn about private locations'
    - link: '/synthetics/ci'
      tag: 'Documentation'

>       text: 'Learn how to run Synthetic tests in your CI/CD process'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      text: 'Learn how to trigger Synthetic tests from your CI/CD pipeline'
```

Managed locations allow you to test public-facing applications. To test internal applications or simulate user behavior in discrete geographic regions, select one of your **Private Locations** instead.

For more information on how to set up private locations, see [Getting Started with Private Locations][3].

#### Specify test frequency

> Select the frequency of your test runs. Additionally, on-demand and continuous integration pipelines tests are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the frequency at which you want your test to execute. 

In addition to running your Synthetic test on a schedule, you can trigger them directly from your CI/CD pipelines. For more information, see [Synthetic CI/CD Testing][6].
```

> Select the frequency that your test runs. You can run tests on-demand and as part of your continuous integration pipelines. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the frequency of your test runs. Additionally, on-demand and continuous integration pipelines tests are available.
```

> For more information, see [Synthetic CI/CD Testing][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information on CI/CD testing, see [Synthetic CI/CD Testing][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Synthetic CI/CD Testing][4].
```

Retry test 2 times after 300 ms in case of failure
```

You can also configure your test to only trigger a notification when your application goes down for a certain amount of time and number of locations. In the below example, the alerting rule is set to send a notification if the test fails for three minutes on two different locations:

```text
An alert is triggered if your test fails for 3 minutes from any 2 of 13 locations
```

#### Notify your team

Add an alert name to the **Monitor Name** field and write a message for the alert. You can use [integrations][5] such as Slack, PagerDuty, and webhooks to route your alert to specific services and teams.

You can set your alert notification to re-notify if the alert has not been resolved and define the priority of the alert, ranging from **P5 (Info)** to **P1 (Critical)**.

> {{< img src="getting_started/synthetics/configured-browser-test.mp4" alt="Example browser test configuration" video="true"  >}}

Reviewer 2: The video file name is spelled correctly here but the actual file name has a misspelling.

Change:
`static/images/getting_started/synthetics/configured-brower-test.mp4`
to
`static/images/getting_started/synthetics/configured-browser-test.mp4`

Author: 🙌🏻🙌🏻

When you're ready to record your test, click **Save Details & Record Test**.

### Create recording

> Once your test configuration has saved, Datadog prompts you to download and install the [Datadog test recorder][6] Chrome extension. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your test configuration is saved, Datadog prompts you to download and install the [Datadog test recorder][6] Chrome extension. 
```

It is important to finish your browser test with an **Assertion** to ensure your application resulted in the expected state after the defined user journey.

> {{< img src="getting_started/synthetics/record-test.mp4" alt="Record test steps"  video="true"  >}}

Reviewer: 🙌

> {{< img src="getting_started/synthetics/record-test.gif" alt="Record test steps"  style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer 2: Did we want to change this to a mp4?

**Note**: The example website regularly throws an error causing it to intentionally fail. If you include your email address in the **Notify your team** field, you will receive an email notification when the test fails and recovers.

## Test results

The Browser Test details page displays an overview of your test configuration, the global and per location uptime, graphs about time-to-interactive and test duration, sample successful and failed test results, and the list of all test results. Depending on the length of your test, you might have to wait for a few minutes to see the first test results come in.

To troubleshoot a [failed test][6], select a failed test result and start by reviewing screenshots, including the ones leading up to the failed step. You can also review potential **[Errors & Warnings][7]**, **[Resources][8]** as well as **[Core Web Vitals][9]** to diagnose the issue. With Datadog's [APM integration with Synthetic Monitoring][10], you also have the ability to look into the traces that are generated in your backend by the test runs from the **Traces** tab.

In the example below, the test failed as the result of a server timeout.

> {{< img src="getting_started/synthetics/browser-test-failure.png" alt="Browser test failure"  style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: I'd be in favor of keeping a screenshot/mp4 to show test results. If you're looking for a good example, tjd-upf-kvk on the demo account is a great one! Let me know if you need help figuring out what we should show in there (I think going over the screenshots, core web vitals, errors, resources, and traces should be sufficient!)

Author: Hey @MargotLepizzera, agreed that a screenshot here would be helpful but the UI has changed; when you click on a Test Result, the Test Details panel no longer appears. Instead, the Step Results page loads and displays errors, resources, and traces. 

Ideally, I'd like a screenshot where the step itself is failing and there are errors/warnings to display. In the demo test above, I see Step 11 failing, but there are no errors, resources, or traces for me to click or preview. Can you provide a screenshot or video for a real failed browser test step?

Reviewer: I'm not sure to understand the bit about the UI change. But what you can do is indeed pick a failing test result, and show errors/resources/traces. It's expected that in general errors/resources/traces show up at the step before the one that failed (a resource is not loading properly, so the following step is failing). Something along those line should work: https://a.cl.ly/geugDRpb. For reference, I used test m9g-88u-k7h on the demo account.

> To troubleshoot a [failed test][7], select a failed test result and start by reviewing screenshots, including the ones leading up to the failed step. You can also review potential **[Errors & Warnings][8]**, **[Resources][9]** as well as **[Core Web Vitals][10]** to diagnose the issue. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot a [failed test][7], select a failed test result and review the screenshots leading up to the failed step. You can also review potential **[Errors & Warnings][8]**, **[Resources][9]**, and **[Core Web Vitals][10]** to diagnose the issue. 
```

> With Datadog's [APM integration with Synthetic Monitoring][11], you also have the ability to look into the traces that are generated in your backend by the test runs from the **Traces** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use Datadog's [APM integration with Synthetic Monitoring][11] to view traces generated from your backend by the test runs from the **Traces** tab.
```
